stowaway products presents a video
installation tutorial on how to install
your storage solution the minimum
requirements to install the stowaway
product storage solution is an opening
of four inches tall and 22 inches long
right here on the back side is where
you're going to mark like so do the same
on the other side now remove your false
front each panel is different so you may
have to remove screws Brad's or staples
now use your markings to line up your
hinges you'll also want to mark the
position for each of the screws it's
wise to make some pilot holes for your
screws using your marks be careful and
don't drill all the way through for the
next step you'll want to open your hinge
first put it into position and then
using your pilot holes screw it into
place remember of course you'll need to
do all of these steps on the other side
of your panel as well now you're ready
to install the trace a common mistake is
to line up the three screw holes on the
top bar instead bend the front edge of
the tray to ninety degrees then line it
up with the back edge of the bar and
make it flush
to really make things easier for this
next step use a clip or a wood clamp to
hold the tray in place while you're
fascinating the screws with the trade
clipped in place that will be much
easier to secure the screws to the
backside of the crossbar with the tray
angled slightly down mark the two screw
locations on the side you'll now be able
to move the tray down for the next step
place your long one-inch screw in the
spacer and position to the mark now
secure the spacers to the wall
lift the tray up and lock it over the
screws and tighten into position repeat
these steps on the other side with the
other tray finally take your false front
panel and open the hinges slide the
panel into position leave about an
eighth of an inch from the front secure
the hinges using the small screws
provided after securing the hinges in
place your installation is now complete
please enjoy your stowaway storage
solution